Congratulations and Welcome to Prince George's Community College!
Activate your account today!
Your login account has been created!
Please follow the "Account Activation" instructions below to login and change your temporary password.
Note: You will be prompted to change your temporary password on first login.


Username: watonfac5901
Temporary password:
Your temporary password is your First Name Initial (Uppercase) + Last Name Initial (lowercase) + 8 Digit DOB (mmddyyyy)

Example: John Smith DOB 02/10/1986 - Enter Js02101986 for your temporary password.

You will be prompted to create your permanent password (your temporary password will automatically expire once you create your permanent password).
Credit Students: Account Activation
The following are some of the services you will be able to access with your new login account:
Owl Link Credit Services - Registration, Payment, Test Scores, Financial Aid Status, Grades, Transcripts, Enrollment Verification
Navigate Services - To Do's List, Appointments, Available Resources, Class Scheduling, etc. (Access available the next day following completion of application.)
Please follow the instructions below to access Owl Link and Navigate
Click - PGCC Owl Link Login
Enter your username and temporary password to log in.
Follow the steps to change your temporary password.

Workforce Development and Continuing Education Students (WDCE): Account Activation
Owl Link WDCE Services - Registration, Payment, Grades, Transcripts, etc.
Please follow the instructions below to access Owl Link and Registration Services
Click - PGCC Owl Link Login
Enter your username and temporary password to log in.
Follow the steps to change your temporary password.
Click the Academic icon located in the left side menu.
After the menu opens, click the "Academics" tab.
Click the "CE-Enroll and Register for Course" tab in the drop down menu.

Help Resources
If you are unable to access your account, please submit an ask PGCC Service Ticket or call the Technology Service Desk at 301-546-0637.
If you need assistance in the enrollment process, please contact the Office of Recruitment and Admissions at 301-546-0864 or admissions@pgcc.edu.

Sincerely,
Prince George's Community College
Data Science, Innovation, and Effectiveness

